New prop: showOrderTitle (#430)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| Prop name       | Type            | Description                                                                                                  | Default value |
| --------------- | --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- |

> | `hiddenOptions` | `[string]` | Indicates which sorting options will be hidden. (e.g. `["OrderByNameASC", "OrderByNameDESC"]`) | `undefined`      |
> | `showOrderTitle` | `[boolean]` | Show or hide the selected order value (e.g. `Relevance`)                                     | `true`           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hiddenOptions` | `[string]` | Indicates which sorting options will be hidden. (e.g. `["OrderByNameASC", "OrderByNameDESC"]`) | `undefined`      |
| `showOrderTitle` | `boolean` | Whether the selected order value (e.g. `Relevance`) will be displayed (`true`) or not (`false`).  | `true`           |
```
